# SCUT-MMSIG-database
SCUT-MMSIG: A Multimodal Online Signature Database

-__code__: Benchmark system  
-__inair__: Inair subcorpus (samples)  
-__mobile__: Mobile subcorpus (samples)  
-__tablet__: Tablet subcorpus (samples)  

## Short Information
The SCUT-MMSIG database consists of three subcorpus, namely mobile, tablet and inair subcorpus.  
Mobile subcorpus was collected using a mobile phone (LG-G3), tablet subcorpus was collected using a graphics tablet (UGEE EX05 pen tablet). And inair subcorpus was generated by tracking the movement of fingertip captured by high speed camera (rear camera of IPAD AIR 2).   
In total, 50 subjects are included in each subcorpus, with 20 genuine samples and 20 skilled forgeries per subject. Genuine signatures were collected in two different sessions.

Signature data consists of x and y coordinates, time stamp (only available for mobile subcorpus) and button status (only available for mobile and tablet subcorpus).

For more information, please refer to https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-69923-3_78

## File Naming Convention
U{UserID}S{SignatureNumber}.txt  
Genuine signatures:  
Session 1: U{UserID}S1-U{UserID}S10  
Session 2: U{UserID}S11-U{UserID}S20  
Forged signatures:  
U{UserID}S21-U{UserID}S40

eg.  
- UserID is 01, 1'st genuine signature of session 1: U01S1
- UserID is 01, 3'rd genuine signature of session 2: U01S13
- UserID is 01, 1'st forged signature: U01S21

## Request
The SCUT-MMSIG multimodel online signature database is publicly available (free of charge) to the research community.  
Unfortunately, due to privacy reasons, we cannot provide the database for commercial use.

Those interested in obtaining SCUT-MMSIG database should download [release agreement](https://github.com/ethanyxfang/SCUT-MMSIG-database/blob/master/SCUT-MMSIG%20Database%20Release%20Agreement.pdf), and send by email one signed and scanned copy to scutbip@outlook.com.

While reporting results using the SCUT-MMSIG database, please cite the following article:  
@inproceedings{Lu2017SCUT,  
  title={SCUT-MMSIG: A Multimodal Online Signature Database},  
  author={Lu, Xinyi and Fang, Yuxun and Kang, Wenxiong and Wang, Zhiyong and Feng, David Dagan},  
  booktitle={Chinese Conference on Biometric Recognition},  
  pages={729-738},  
  year={2017},  
}

## Contact
Lu Xinyi  
Biometrics and Intelligence Perception Lab.  
College of Automation Science and Engineering  
South China University of Technology  
Wushan RD.,Tianhe District,Guangzhou,P.R.China,510641  
lu.xinyi@mail.scut.edu.cn  

Fang Yuxun  
Biometrics and Intelligence Perception Lab.  
College of Automation Science and Engineering  
South China University of Technology  
Wushan RD.,Tianhe District,Guangzhou,P.R.China,510641  
fang.yuxun@mail.scut.edu.cn  

Prof. Kang Wenxiong  
Biometrics and Intelligence Perception Lab.  
College of Automation Science and Engineering  
South China University of Technology  
Wushan RD.,Tianhe District,Guangzhou,P.R.China,510641  
auwxkang@scut.edu.cn
